NFT Cat minting app
=====================

This is a simple  template of fullstack NFT minting app built on the Ethereum blockchain using Node.js, Web3.js and Solidity. It allows users to mint their own NFTs and view them on the website.

Getting Started
---------------

To get started with this project, you will need to have Node.js and Truffle installed on your computer. You can follow the instructions on the official websites to install them:

* Node.js: <https://nodejs.org/en/download/>
* Truffle: <https://www.trufflesuite.com/docs/truffle/getting-started/installation>

Once you have Node.js and Truffle installed, you can clone this repository and navigate to the project directory:

```
git clone https://github.com/cloverfield11/NFT-Cat-minting
cd my-nft
```

Next, you will need to install the required dependencies for the project:

```
npm install
```

After the dependencies are installed, you can compile the Solidity contracts and migrate them to the Ethereum network:

```
truffle compile
truffle migrate
```

Note: You will need to have an Ethereum wallet with some Ether to deploy the contracts to the network. You can use a service like MetaMask to create a wallet and obtain Ether.

Once the contracts are deployed, you can start the Node.js server and view the website:

```
npm start
```

The website will be available at `http://localhost:3000`.

Minting NFTs
--------------

To mint an NFT, you can navigate to the `/handleMint` endpoint on the website. This will trigger the `handleMint` function in the `server.js` file, which will mint a new NFT and save the index of the last minted NFT in a file.

The `handleMint` function uses the Web3.js library to interact with the Ethereum network and the MyNFT smart contract. It also uses the HDWalletProvider module to sign transactions with an Ethereum wallet using a mnemonic phrase.

Note: You will need to replace the mnemonic phrase and the contract address in the `server.js` file with your own values before minting NFTs.

Smart Contract
--------------

The MyNFT smart contract is a simple ERC721 token contract that allows users to mint their own NFTs. It uses the OpenZeppelin library to provide additional functionality, such as URI storage and ownership management.

The contract has a `mintNFT` function, which allows users to mint a new NFT with a given URI. It also has a `getMintedTokens` function, which allows users to view the NFTs they have minted.

Directory Structure
---------------------

The project has the following directory structure:

* `/App`: The root directory of the project.
* `/Contract`: Contains the Solidity contract file for the MyNFT contract.
* `/Contracts`: Contains the JSON files generated by Truffle when compiling and migrating the contracts.
* `/Migrations`: Contains the Truffle migration files for deploying the contracts to the Ethereum network.
* `/Public`: Contains the static files for the website, such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
* `/Test`: Contains the test files for the project.
* `LastMintedIndex.js`: A file that saves the index of the last minted NFT.
* `server.js`: The Node.js server file for the project.

Contact
-------

If you have any questions or suggestions, please feel free to contact me at [gmail](mailto:gaponenko800@gmail.com).
